Vault Manufacturing Best Practices

Preface: This “Vault Manufacturing Best Practices” document is created under the assumption that the user has a working knowledge of Vault Manufacturing.  It is not intended to be an instructional tool to replace formal Vault Manufacturing training.  It is intended to be a guide for the use and implementation of Vault Manufacturing at CMD.
 
•	General Best Practices

o	Always start a drawing with a CMD template.
o	Always add a ‘structure component’ to part drawings (not assemblies) prior to generating an Item.  (Note: the drawing must be saved with a VIS number prior to doing this)
o	All files are to be checked-in to Vault Manufacturing prior to leaving at night.
o	Only create an Item for a drawing when you are preparing to submit it to workflow, this way you will retain full control (IE ability to delete it).
o	Always create the local working folder required by going into Vault Manufacturing, browsing to the folder needed, right clicking and selecting 'Go to Working Folder'.  If a new folder is required, get the path to where the new folder will be located by doing the same steps previously mentioned and create the new folder where required in your local work folder.  When you check-in the file within the new folder the folder will be placed in Vault Manufacturing in its correct location automatically.


•	Vault Best Practices

o	All purchased items are to be placed in their correct folder based on the CMD naming convention 'Standard 103.00 Part Descriptions'.  If you have a new purchased part that does not fit into any current category, please see the Project Manager in charge of ‘Standard 103.00’ to get an approved ‘NEW’ part description.
o	Always select 'Delete working copies' when checking files back into the vault.


•	Item Master Best Practices

o	Always assign Items to drawings in the following order:
	Part drawings first
	Sub-assemblies second
	Top-level assemblies last
•	Note: If done in the wrong order the Items will potentially get associated with the wrong drawing files.
o	Be sure all pertinent information is filled out correctly; most of this information is pulled directly from the CAD file.


•	Change Order Best Practices

o	Use the REL-XXXXXX numbering scheme for initial releases; use CN-XXXXXX numbering scheme for revisions or any ‘change notifications’.

 	

